README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

updating Readme with infos about the project

README.md, after:

# alx-project-nexus: **MovieNest - Movie Recommendation Web App**

## Overview
Welcome to the **Nexus Project**, the final project of the **ALX ProDev Frontend Engineering** program. 
MovieNest is a movie recommendation web app designed to help users discover trending and recommended movies. Users can browse movies, view detailed information, and save their favorite movies for easy access.


## Features
The main objectives of this project are to:
- **Dynamic Movie Pages:** Each movie has a dedicated page with detailed information, including plot, cast, and ratings.
- **Trending and Recommended Movies:** The app fetches trending and recommended movies from a backend API.
- **Favorites List:** Users can save their favorite movies and view them anytime.
- **Responsive and Interactive UI:** The app features a modern, responsive UI built with Styled Components, ensuring a smooth user experience on all devices.

## Technologies
  - **Next.js:** For server-side rendering and dynamic routing.
  - **TypeScript:** To ensure type safety and enhance development experience.
  - **Styled Components:** For styling the app in a modular, component-based way.
  - **Backend API Integration:** To fetch trending and recommended movies and allow users to save favorites.

## Setup Instructions
 ### Prerequisites
 - Node.js (v16 or above)
 - npm or yarn (for package management)

 ### Install Dependencies
 #### Clone the repository:
 - git clone https://github.com/khaoularj/movie-nest.git
 - cd movienest

 #### Install dependencies:
 - npm run dev
 or
 - yarn dev

## Contributing
Feel free to fork the project and submit pull requests. Make sure to follow the project’s coding standards and write tests for new features or bug fixes.


## Happy Coding! 🚀
